You think grandma didn't see it?
Every time, as long as Secretary Nanning is present.
Your other eyes, they want to stick to you.
Grandmother, you said these eyes of yours
My grandmother didn't force me.
Secretary Ninh and Ninh Ninh are two good girls.
You have to recognize your heart.
Take care of this romance.
Don't hurt these two good kids.
Granny.
Don't worry.
I know what to do.
The late general manager, when you tell me to check, check it out.
This is the day of the accident.
Hit on the famous line and the old lying lady's famous line
And drink some water.
During this investigation I discovered
Secretary Minh's life was bright every time he was in danger.
Behind this is all the guidance of the condensed.
What did you say?